DOC-600 Add cypher and couchbase community outputs from v4.37.0 (#69)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/outputs/cypher.adoc

= cypher
:type: output

> :status: experimental

Reviewer: If experimental is now considered beta, we can replace this with :page-beta: true

:categories: ["Services"]

// © 2024 Redpanda Data Inc.

component_type_dropdown::[]

> Writes a batch of messages to any graph database that supports the Neo4j or Bolt protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writes a batch of messages to any graph database that supports the https://neo4j.com/docs/bolt/current/bolt/[Bolt protocol^] and the https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/introduction/[Cypher query language^]. For each incoming message, the connector can perform operations to store or delete data within the database using the Cypher query language.
```

@Jeffail please check this suggestion. I removed the reference to the Neo4j protocol because I couldn't find anything about it but I did see that [Neo4j supports the Bolt protocol as well as HTTP and HTTPS](https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/connectors/). I also explicitly mention the Cypher query language because of the name of this connector.

Reviewer: Or did we mean the Neo4j and Bolt URI schemes?

Author: @rockwotj. Could you confirm?

Reviewer 2: Cypher is the query language, bolt is the "open standard" based protocol and AFAIK neo4j protocol adds clustering etc on top of bolt

Author: Updated.

> Introduced in version 4.37.0.

Reviewer: We should conditionalize this in case we ever want to single-source it into cloud docs.

Author: Updated as requested.

    basic_auth:
      enabled: false
      username: ""
      password: ""
      realm: ""
    tls:
      skip_cert_verify: false
      enable_renegotiation: false
      root_cas: ""
      root_cas_file: ""
      client_certs: []
    batching:
      count: 0
      byte_size: 0
      period: ""
      check: ""
      processors: [] # No default (optional)
    max_in_flight: 64
```
--
======

== Examples

[tabs]
======
Writes to Neo4j Aura::
+
--
This is an example of how to write data to Neo4j Aura.
```yaml
output:
  cypher:
    uri: neo4j+s://example.databases.neo4j.io
    cypher: |
      MERGE (product:Product {id: $id})
        ON CREATE SET product.name = $product,
                       product.title = $title,
                       product.description = $description,
    args_mapping: |
      root = {}
      root.id = this.product.id 
      root.product = this.product.summary.name
      root.title = this.product.summary.displayName
      root.description = this.product.fullDescription
    basic_auth:
      enabled: true
      username: "${NEO4J_USER}"
      password: "${NEO4J_PASSWORD}"
```
--
======

== Fields

> === `uri`

Author: Please check field descriptions for accuracy.

> The connection URI for your graphing database. For more information, see https://neo4j.com/docs/go-manual/current/connect-advanced/[Neo4j's documentation^].

Reviewer: Do we only support the Neo4j and Bolt schemes?

Author: @rockwotj... Could you confirm?

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

```yml
# Examples
root_cas_file: ./root_cas.pem
```
=== `tls.client_certs`

A list of client certificates to use. For each certificate specify values for either the `cert` and `key` fields, or `cert_file` and `key_file` fields.

*Type*: `array`

*Default*: `[]`

```yml
# Examples
client_certs:
  - cert: foo
    key: bar
client_certs:
  - cert_file: ./example.pem
    key_file: ./example.key
```
=== `tls.client_certs[].cert`

The plain text certificate to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].key`

The plain text certificate key to use.

include::components:partial$secret_warning.adoc[]

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].cert_file`

The path to the certificate to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].key_file`

The path of a certificate key to use.

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].password`

The plain text password for when the private key is password encrypted in PKCS#1 or PKCS#8 format. The obsolete `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm is not supported for the PKCS#8 format. 

> WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext, and is vulnerable to padding Oracle attacks which may allow an attacker recover the plain text password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext and is vulnerable to *padding oracle attacks*, which may allow an attacker to recover the plaintext password.
```

Author: Updated as requested.

= cypher
:type: output
:page-beta: true
:categories: ["Services"]

// tag::single-source[]

// © 2024 Redpanda Data Inc.

component_type_dropdown::[]

> Writes a batch of messages to any graph database that supports the https://neo4j.com/docs/go-manual/current/connect-advanced/[Neo4j and Bolt URI schemes^]. For each incoming message, the connector can perform operations to store or delete data within the database using the https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/introduction/[Cypher query language].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writes a batch of messages to any graph database that supports the https://neo4j.com/docs/go-manual/current/connect-advanced/[Neo4j and Bolt URI schemes^]. For each incoming message, the connector can perform operations to store or delete data within the database using the https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/introduction/[Cypher query language^].
```

output:
  label: ""
  cypher:
    uri: neo4j://demo.neo4jlabs.com # No default (required)
    cypher: 'MERGE (p:Person {name: $name})' # No default (required)
    database_name: ""
    args_mapping: root.name = this.displayName # No default (optional)
    basic_auth:
      enabled: false
      username: ""
      password: ""
    batching:
      count: 0
      byte_size: 0
      period: ""
      check: ""
    max_in_flight: 64
```
--
Advanced::
+
--
```yml
# All configuration fields, showing default values
output:
  label: ""
  cypher:
    uri: neo4j://demo.neo4jlabs.com # No default (required)
    cypher: 'MERGE (p:Person {name: $name})' # No default (required)
    database_name: ""
    args_mapping: root.name = this.displayName # No default (optional)
    basic_auth:
      enabled: false
      username: ""
      password: ""
      realm: ""
    tls:
      skip_cert_verify: false
      enable_renegotiation: false
      root_cas: ""
      root_cas_file: ""
      client_certs: []
    batching:
      count: 0
      byte_size: 0
      period: ""
      check: ""
      processors: [] # No default (optional)
    max_in_flight: 64
```
--
======

== Examples

> [tabs]

Reviewer: Suggestion: Since this is only one example, we don't need tabs
